*ATTENTION:* This project has several open pull requests and is in need of a maintainer! If you have experience with EC2, Python and load testing tools and would be interested in taking it over, please open a ticket telling us why and we'll get back to you. Thanks!

h1. Bees with Machine Guns!

A utility for arming (creating) many bees (micro EC2 instances) to attack (load test) targets (web applications).

Also, retribution for "this shameful act":http://kottke.org/10/10/tiny-catapult-for-throwing-pies-at-bees against a proud hive.

h2. Dependencies

* Python 2.6
* boto
* paramiko

h2. Installation (w/ virtualenv + virtualenvwrapper)

<pre>
git clone git://github.com/ckolos/beeswithmachineguns.git
cd beeswithmachineguns
virtualenv .
./bin/pip install -r requirements.txt
</pre>

h2. Configuring EC2 credentials

Bees uses boto to communicate with EC2 and thus supports all the same methods of storing credentials that it does.  These include declaring environment variables, machine-global configuration files, and per-user configuration files. You can read more about these options on "boto's configuration page":http://code.google.com/p/boto/wiki/BotoConfig.

h2. Usage

h3.Starting Bees:

<pre>
bees up \
  -s <number of bees> \
  -g <bees security group that allows ssh from 0.0.0.0/0> \
  -k <pre-existing ssh key that you will use to connect to/control the bees> \
  -z <az used for starting the bees> \
  -i <ami-id to use for the bees> \
  -t <instance type to use for the bees; t2.micro is the default> \
  -l <user login to use; ec2-user is the fedora/centos default> 

Example:
./bees up -k mycoolsshkey --group=bees -s 2 -t m3.2xlarge
</pre>

h3.What are my bees doing?

<pre>
./bees report
INFO:root:Bee i-deadbeef: running @ 54.0.0.1
INFO:root:Bee i-beefdead: running @ 54.0.0.2
</pre>


h3.Attacking with the bees:

<pre>
./bees attack \
  -u <the url to be hit> - OR -
    -f <a file containing a list of urls/endpoints>
  -n <the number of connections each bee should make before stopping/moving on>
  -c <number of concurrent connections>
  --use-siege <use siege for testing> - OR -
    --use-ab <use apache bench for testing>
  -w <run the test for (n) seconds(s)/minutes(m)/hours(h)>

Example:
./bees attack \
  -l ec2-user \
  --use-siege \
  -w 30m \
  -c 64 \
  -u "https://mycoolapp.here POST <(echo -en 'my posted data')"

</pre>
- OR -
<pre>
bees attack -n 10000 -c 250 -u http://www.ournewwebbyhotness.com/
bees attack --use-siege -w 30s -c 5 -u 'https://www.mysite.com POST {"thisis":"json"}'
bees attack --use-siege -w 30s -c 5 -u 'https://www.mysite.com POST formencoded=true&var=2'
</pre>
h3.Shutting down the bees:
<pre>
bees down
</pre>

*Note*: the default EC2 security group is called 'default' and by default it locks out SSH access. I recommend creating a 'public' security group for use with the bees and explicitly opening port 22 on that group.

*Note 2*: Always include a trailing slash when testing a root domain. The underlying load-testing tool (ab) doesn't support raw domains.

For complete options type:

<pre>
bees -h
</pre>

h2. The caveat! (PLEASE READ)

(The following was cribbed from our "original blog post about the bees":http://blog.apps.chicagotribune.com/2010/07/08/bees-with-machine-guns/.)

If you decide to use the Bees, please keep in mind the following important caveat: they are, more-or-less a distributed denial-of-service attack in a fancy package and, therefore, if you point them at any server you don’t own you will behaving *unethically*, have your Amazon Web Services account *locked-out*, and be *liable* in a court of law for any downtime you cause.

You have been warned.

h2. Bugs

Please log your bugs on the "Github issues tracker":http://github.com/newsapps/beeswithmachineguns/issues.

h2. Credits

The bees are a creation of the News Applications team at the Chicago Tribune--visit "our blog":http://apps.chicagotribune.com/ and read "our original post about the project":http://blog.apps.chicagotribune.com/2010/07/%2008/bees-with-machine-guns/.

Initial refactoring code and inspiration from "Jeff Larson":http://github.com/thejefflarson.

Thanks to everyone who reported bugs against the alpha release.

h2. License

MIT.
